README.md, before:

# Inware Translations

This repository is dedicated to the translation of the [Inware Android app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.evo.inware).

## Repository Structure

The repository is split into folders — one per language. These are named *values-X*, where *X* represents an ISO 639-1 language code. For example, *values-de* represents the German language. Each folder houses a *strings.xml* file.

## Contributing

The *strings.xml* files house the copy displayed in Inware. They comprise an entry for each bit of text. For example:

```xml
<string name="allow">Allow</string>
```

The `string` tags themselves must not be edited. To translate the above into Polish, you would use the folowing:

```xml
<string name="allow">Zezwól</string>
```

Some strings contain nested tags and/or placeholders:

```xml
<string name="cluster_number">Cluster #<xliff:g example="1" id="number_of_cluster">%d</xliff:g></string>
```

Placeholders (`%s` or `%d`) and `xliff:g` tags must not be edited. To translate the above into Polish, you would use the folowing:

```xml
<string name="cluster_number">Klaster #<xliff:g example="1" id="number_of_cluster">%d</xliff:g></string>
```

As such, a string of characters is translatable if preceded by `>` and suceeded by `<` or `<\`.

If a directory exists for your target language, edit the *strings.xml* file inside. Otherwise, create a directory following the naming convention described in “[Repository Structure](#repository-structure).” Inside, create a _strings.xml_ and use the following template:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<resources xmlns:xliff="urn:oasis:names:tc:xliff:document:1.2">
    <!-- Add content here. -->
</resources>
```

Localised _strings.xml_ files should only contain translated copy. Find all source strings in [_values_/_strings.xml_](https://github.com/evowizz/inware-translations/blob/main/values/strings.xml), copy those you plan on translating into the localised _strings.xml_ file, and edit them. For example:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<resources xmlns:xliff="urn:oasis:names:tc:xliff:document:1.2">
    <string name="os">System operacyjny</string>
    <string name="android_version">Wersja Androida</string>
    <string name="language">Język</string>
</resources>
```

Although this isn’t required, maintaing the order of the `string` tags from the source file will help other translators.

You are also welcome to correct existing translations. To do so, find the appropriate `string` tag in the localised _strings.xml_ file and edit its content. To submit a contribution for review, create a pull request. Thanks for your help!

Commit message:

Provide link to article on ISO 639-1 language codes, attach license notice

README.md, after:

# Inware Translations

This repository is dedicated to the translation of the [Inware Android app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.evo.inware).

## Repository Structure

The repository is split into folders — one per language. These are named *values-X*, where *X* represents an [ISO 639-1 language code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes). For example, *values-de* represents the German language. Each folder houses a *strings.xml* file.

## Contributing

The *strings.xml* files house the copy displayed in Inware. They comprise an entry for each bit of text. For example:

```xml
<string name="allow">Allow</string>
```

The `string` tags themselves must not be edited. To translate the above into Polish, you would use the folowing:

```xml
<string name="allow">Zezwól</string>
```

Some strings contain nested tags and/or placeholders:

```xml
<string name="cluster_number">Cluster #<xliff:g example="1" id="number_of_cluster">%d</xliff:g></string>
```

Placeholders (`%s` or `%d`) and `xliff:g` tags must not be edited. To translate the above into Polish, you would use the folowing:

```xml
<string name="cluster_number">Klaster #<xliff:g example="1" id="number_of_cluster">%d</xliff:g></string>
```

As such, a string of characters is translatable if preceded by `>` and suceeded by `<` or `<\`.

If a directory exists for your target language, edit the *strings.xml* file inside. Otherwise, create a directory following the naming convention described in “[Repository Structure](#repository-structure).” Inside, create a _strings.xml_ and use the following template:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<resources xmlns:xliff="urn:oasis:names:tc:xliff:document:1.2">
    <!-- Add content here. -->
</resources>
```

Localised _strings.xml_ files should only contain translated copy. Find all source strings in [_values_/_strings.xml_](https://github.com/evowizz/inware-translations/blob/main/values/strings.xml), copy those you plan on translating into the localised _strings.xml_ file, and edit them. For example:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<resources xmlns:xliff="urn:oasis:names:tc:xliff:document:1.2">
    <string name="os">System operacyjny</string>
    <string name="android_version">Wersja Androida</string>
    <string name="language">Język</string>
</resources>
```

Although this isn’t required, maintaing the order of the `string` tags from the source file will help other translators.

You are also welcome to correct existing translations. To do so, find the appropriate `string` tag in the localised _strings.xml_ file and edit its content. To submit a contribution for review, create a pull request. Thanks for your help!

## License

```
Copyright 2021 Dylan Roussel

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
